main version
I believe I can fix and care well of my bicycle, my computer, and my iPhone
I believe I can do exam. And be prepared and check exam time precisely. Also make evaluations.
I believe I can take medicine correctly and on time, and order on time
(Extra: buisiness)I believe I can handle myself and others more, also got investment to start a relaxing garden buisiness, or know its value
I believe I can being myself in no matter what circumstances.
I believe I get the well dorm condo to live And how can I?
I believe I can play games more healthily and always able to figure out the true values of my assigned job or buisiness, even studying (stop blaming dad, and the value is not just about games or imaginary world)
I believe I can get a good enough work and business after graduation And how can I?
I believe I can relax well And have a relaxing future buisiness or job, able to entertain with game broadcasting
I believe I can see the global and national education law shall improve. wait and see
I believe I can be ready and prepared of logic for all semester's assignment and exam dealing to make me feel smooth comfortable and flow while doing well on them.
I believe I can improve my logic in my belief system and planning ahead
I can forgive my past and my disorder, and my parents, and move on to create valuable future, I am sorry about the grudge I once held
I can exchange for time for happiness without grudge but with royalty instead
Money is not the most important thing, it is for use, the most important thing is taking journey (things always seems impossible until it's done)
I can do whatever makes life on my side
I can control my temperature
I can take activities that is worth it
I belive I can plan my trip and find the most economical way possible to socialize 
I can catch up with other people, and develop social skill to gain social motives
I believe in my heart that we don't develop courage by being happy everyday, but develop by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity (proud to withstand hardness)
(Extra: buisiness)I CAN BUILD UP MY OWNAGE OF MY OWN HOUSE AND GARDENING BUISINESS!! OR KNOW THEIR VALUES.
I believe I can handle changes and prepare for future daily flexibly
The universe can be kind to me by I could start to be kind with it properly first.
I can enjoy the jouney of my life step by important steps
I can have parents and aunt income while i'm studying for now, and I can cheer them up, give thier chance
(Extra: job)I then shall believe I can draw and entertain people with cartoons and manga games like profession, for a free time or as a job if it's game making
I am a good survivor, a good trip taker, a good engineer, good gardener, a good otaku, a good harmony maker
(Extra: buisiness)I can live with profitable gardening green thumb in a peaceful world of my own world being myself proudly. Can catch up with the pace of the world.
I believe I can fix up all the mess I've made. No matter the mess is small or huge, the way out can be more often or always seen.
(Extra: Sexual Motivation)I believe I can be the lucky one with two inflatible dolls in the work life
(Extra: Sexual Motivation)I believe I can take care of my dolls, and make it secret unless trusted, also respect real female souls, also males. Able to balance it with other parts of life.
(Extra: job)I am willing to healthily play flash games, and develop games, broadcast games, and give people with games. Have a game development job.
I can rent a well security apartment, better with free electricity
I can be adaptable when the time need to survive
I believe and thankful that I can serve and protect the country from cyber threat, by being a cyber soldier
I believe and thankful I can enjoy servicing and supportive life from being official servicer. (¢È“√“™°“√)
I believe everyone can graduate and be dependable of thier own.

Serious Version:
(For Game Broadcasting) : 	---I thank you of all the past, present and future subscribers, watchers, likers, commenters, advertisers, licensors, customers to support my life upon
				---game broadcasting to play for other people to watch with profit. I thank you all the people who've watched or going to watch me playing games. So as my way to socialize and gain benefit.
For Staying Athesist : 		---I am thankful I am athesist, but I also must respect religions,
				---respect the way it is, and ignore it as much as possible.
For Getting sexually satisfied : 	---I thank you all of the porn makers, sex doll makers, sex game makers, to make something to release sexual stress, for daily life.
					---I also respect real people as well as thier privacy in life.
For Stay Fortunate with Foods : 		I am thankful of the past, present, and future foods, and food makers.
						I am thankful I can garden for my free time, water them
For Getting to travel alone international : 	I am thank you of the security system, that helps manage things for past, present and future of travelling.
For Having good grades and works : 		---I am thankful of the grade providers, teachers, for giving me the best ability to work at work life.
						---I am thankful of all the university and evaluation services. And I can do exams. And thankful of the work trainors in the future and present.
For Living in Dorm or Apartment : 	I am thankful of all the comforts and peacefulness provided by makers for next dorm or apartment, and security system made by guards.
					And giving a home for me to live. With money avaliable for it.
For staying capable and can do : 	I am thank you of the potential I have, to make me worthy to live in social with class and proudness. I can have a chance to be in buisiness class.
For having saving money : 		I am thankful of my parent and aunt income source, that made my living before work, then I am thank you of the future work place, as
					my new income source after graduation. I am thankful I can save money.
					I believe I can improve my mindset to able to graduate and get a rewarding job
For staying entertained : 		---I am thankful of the game and cartoon makers that keeps me entertained during the real free time.
For staying socialized : 		I am thankful the club formed and avaliable for me.
For having Transportation : 		I am thank you of bicycle fixer, bicycle provider, bus providers, subway providers, etc. Giving me and handful ride. And I can take care of them.
For staying mentally healthy : 		I am thankful of the medicine provider, And I can order them on time. Can let my parent accept this as well. And can save money from it.
For feeling alive : 			I am thankful of the chances to make journey out of life. Wether today, yesterday or tomorrow.
(For garden buisiness ): 			---I am thankful of the healthy customers, and seed providers, and soil providers.
For serving the country and the world, have something to do in the huge future: 	I believe and thankful that I can serve and protect the country from cyber threat, by being a cyber officer
For a supportive life : 								I believe and thankful I can enjoy servicing and supportive life from being official servicer. (¢È“√“™°“√)
For a better family member : 								---I believe everyone can graduate and be dependable of thier own.
For keep in dorm :			I am thankful of the money provided for the better dormitory.
(For part time work ): 			---I am thankful of the part time work in university.
For social : 				---Let's think that I'll not laughing all alone miserably, but I am thankful I can laugh with my friends and my audiences
For long run sex : 			I am thankful of anyone that made me have waifu doll no matter what time
For inter cooperation : 		(maybe) I am thankful and believe I can cooperation education internationally for 2 monthes this summer. Anywhere about cyber security. With supported travel fee scholarship.
					I am grateful I can cooperation total of 6 months whereever I do. Get quailfied for it.
For doing assignments (not during exam, only for normal semester time): 		I am believing I can plan ahead the best time to do the assignment on time.
For taking exams (during about exam and exam only): 					I am believing I can do exam, prepared from classes and assignments, and know how to do it.
For using free time for self learning effectively : 					I am believing I can gather enough required background of what I'll have to face for work. Use free time balancedly.
For minimum distraction and focus : 			----I believe I can focus and minimize distraction.
For interface designing (semester specific) : 		I am believing I can think up of the user's feeling upon using software for the best possible design.
For Computer Security (semester specific) : 		I am believing I can balance out the security aspects of computers, and get to know how to improve security and administration.
For Technical Writing (semester specific) :		I am believing I can write technical report to plan project better.
For group project (semester specific) :			I am believing I can form a group and able to do the best possible final project for my future work.
							I am believing I can design the web application for use and administration and safe hacking
For computer programming (semester specific) : 		I am believing I can save the mindset about the programming.
For Lab Physics (semester specific) : 			I am believing I can able to use lab physics knowledge for motherboard management, and able to pass.
							Right now I believe I can steer clear of studying for free time as well, limit time of internet surfing 2 hours lower by week
							---If possible, government make basic income to make life more startable.
		(THE USE OF THESE TEXT IS THE TRUTH REMINDER FOR ABOUT WHAT I NEED/WANT)

For praising parent and be gratituous, 
to make life gets better and expand limit:		I know my parents tries their best to raise me and make me have a good life, I must thank you how wonderful they are even if no one is perfect
							The law of attraction plus buddhism meditation shall combine together to form what I want (need) and well-being until i'm
								fulfilled and bored of it, and be responsible to set my soul free later on
							I can use the good living as a lesson for puring up mind for long term happiness
							The good living I shall have is also for the use to assist other souls to explore happiness and set free themselves easier
							The motivation of studying is now for the good quailty of well-being for living by myself detached from my parents
							The old house, I am thankful for it giving me place to live before, until now, it shall done its job once the new house is complete, I am pleased.
							If I am not thankful of what I have, then I screwing up my well-being, it's the law of materialization, everything has to start to form the matter, 
								live by present as well as having long term goal.

							Things matter, side effect is possible, must be think up to protect from it.
							Give, to be ready to recieve.	
	
							Money can help making love and friends and trust and connections, it does from small to big supportive part of survival.		
							I have connections.	I can find friends no matter what gender, that no matter how my face is, they are willing to accept me, and I can get along with them.
								Simply, friends are not just friends for living life with just game, cartoon relaxation, they must be who aim toward the making easier, happier world to live along with me.

							How I look at and feel about money must be improved to stick with its truth and its game.
							For having a new, better single bed dorm, I must able to make a monthly income not by forcing people to buy, but to able to persuade customer to rent condo.
							I need a better environment faster and better.
							I can love my parent better no matter where I am, they can make money, and comforts, so can I one day.
							I can fix most of my wrong opinions about money and the world time to time.

							Money requires knowledge, correct knowledge to the customer demand, that is the truth.

							My goal is to see the world as the easier, happier place to grow, more secure, easier to get fulfiled and bored.

							If I give up and going back to obsess with imaginary world, then I am at risk of depression and no well-being, cannot change life, I must know to avoid.
							Whatever in reality I have learned, it will always be usable, I need the most important to the time first.
							Whatever I have learned, it must be something that builds up my behavior that causes the result I want. Not learning randomly, not effective.

							Skills of bitcoin goes up step by step for living
							Skills of stock market playing is built step by step for living, also help dad predict
								and aware that it is not simple, yet no rich quick is simple, I could learn the trick

							I could learn and understand the true driver of economy, and what effects stocks and economy. It is not simple as just making money.
							I could know going broke is full of anti-well-being, avoid, then, having enough money is well-being possible, aquire						

							I can screen my intelligence to think about living well more, i believe I can do it

							I can have enough funds to cooperation 2 months at international institude where it has about cyber security or robotic automation or web development if possible
							I can cooperation total of 6 months whereever I do. Get quailfied for it.
							I can pass and understand the use of all courses this semester and all semester
							I can understand the graduation system

							Passive Income, even having it, we still all have to schedule to take life and soul responsibilities, that is the truth.
							Passive Income, in reality, it is made out of constantly selling buisiness, it still need to be taken care of for long term,  I believe I can do it after stock

							Stock is heavily effected by buisiness demands towards customers, changes are constant,  I believe I can do it along with studying
							I can get the basic of financial and buisiness world, communication is important,  I believe I can do it along with studying, I just need to study it more than play

							The new personal room requires me even more to take care of it by schedule, I believe I can do it
							Going abroard means a freedom that is a challenge of living with well-being,  I believe I can do it

							Even after this semester, my parents can find enough money to support me onto the dorm or personal space til graduate\
							I graduate for better well-being for both body and soul in long-run
							I can graduate with the personal space, as soon as possible
							I must thank you my parent for giving me the best possible career path for life.
							I must focus upon being a high level , leadered thinking, cyber police officer, secondly system administrator
							I must focus upon imporving my mindset upon studying for something
							I must focus upon helping my mom with my pure mind not just hungry for money, but to help people have their home to live
							I must accept my expierience and be humble with it, however I also focus on the expirience I am willing to gain.
							I must spend limited time for relaxing with non-sense

							Whenever I make transaction about money, I can always be thankful of what I need to spend for after it exist from the hard work of other people.
							No more stealing, aka getting things without giving credit deep inside. (Lackage of money cause)
							I can form the habit of giving thanks from deep inside to outside, never be shy about it.
							I can be confident about fix my mistake for law of attraction.
							I must warn myself everything I need in reality is not easy to gain, I must always be thankful it manage to exist for me.
							As existance even what I'm interested in (even fiction) are not easy to exist,
							I must know this to remind me I must be thankful for the mental alignment for it to exist more.
							I must be able to relax and flow as much as possible through the hardship of existence. That is how to be lucky and happy.
							I must able to filter what is good and bad from watching cartoons and playing games.
							I can take care of myself and avoid annoyance on other people. Respect other people space so they will respect you.
							I must serve other people and enjoy it more than personal happiness, just small sexual happiness and some playtime maybe enough

							I serve the duty to improve my vision to serve the social and being thankful to my parents
							I must know, my parents house is not easy to built and maintain, along with the life of the house, I must make things simpler
							Just finding money or living alone are not the only ways out, being reasonable and being goaled for well-being are far more important (in reality, well-being is not so easy to built)

							The new house is for the sake of well-being of all people for the world I must continue to pray it what my dad gives
							Every game I play, every cartoon I watch, consume the use of the well-being that is not easy to be made. One way to be mindful.
							Doing assignment and studying with the vision of making long-term well-being by the knowledge.
							Well-being comes before justice. Justice comes second.
							Well-being must be built together with other close or trusted people.	
							Money is also served for mainly Well-Being, not just for getting rich or being cool
							Right now well-being is made possible by my parents, if I work, I can build my own well-being, not just being cool
							Well-being is the target of traveling
							Fun and challenges must get along with Well-being
							I can balance my girliness and boyishness	
							I can do the best, easiest and most correct final project.
							I can continue study on		
							I can learn how to drive		
							People love me for giving them well-being as action, not just being cool or cute, which last short for first sight	
							My expierence must be improved for my improving first impression of mine (I need them, that's why I want to travel overseas, live in dorm)
							Not having good first impression can also be backed up with better attitude

							my parents would split up peacefully
							my siblings would split up peacefully
							one day I'll move up on my own independant life

							as I serve the social for the next dorm life
							I believe I can always have enough pure money (thankful of the one made it)
							 to take the trip to explore Singapore (As a start) as an inspiration for the cyber security
							
							I can always find a good reason to able to change things start from what I have

							I could find the best possible way to satisfy my ego.
							
							my dad architecture work have people who need architect design flows in. I am thankful of it.

							I can take care of my mental health and medicines.
							I can do exam anywhere.

							The new house income, shall be thankfully made from the great people who are willing to be the owner of it. The fate and destiny shall combine to fortune.
							
							I can learn to forgive or punish reasonably and fairly.'

							I can alter my schedule and behavior and mindset to get what I want both directly and indirectly, that is the most basic principle of changing life.
							It goes by starting from where I am to where I want to go, know this principle to gain more control of it.

							Be sure I keep ritualizing to align my mind, 
								otherwise I am in danger of having my mind making me doing things to get what I don't want. This is a warning.

							I also need to be aware that problems in life are mostly social management test, it is not about solving things just for self satisfaction like physics problem at all.
							Change the way I think about obstacles, 
								things that get in the way of mine getting what I want. 
									When I look at them instead as opportunities, my approach changes, and I can get much further.


							Forcing people to make them do what I want is not communication. Itís not changing minds and itís certainly not winning hearts and minds.
								Itís tribalism, avoid it as much as possible in normal, peaceful circumstances, now when it comes to selling.

							Civilization can be better when everyone knows what is needed to be responsible first before entertainment.

							I must be happy having growth mindset, not fixed mindset which risks having bad surprises.
							I shall never listen to metalic music, just classic music, to arrange my mind, because of how my brain works.

							The more than 60000 income can come from my dad or mom, since right now I am busy studying, and I am healing my mental health
								I shall pray wish their best luck and effort, this is the easiest way to get what I want and need right now

							The more money income I mentioned is for the use of more social purpose, more female and some male friends, more real life stuff to talk about

							**I can bath myself with all remaining desired earthly happiness with well-being until I'm bored by discovering all the truth, 
								and be responsible of my soul later to set it free from the world.
								Also give credit and be aware of the possible side-effects to minimize it.

A most happy and relaxed possible person living on earthy happiness is the one who comsume happiness with gratefulness, and responsibility, that is the truth
As the world of work can be far more harsh and unforgiving than studying life.
The opposite (stealer, non-grateful) will suffer from the side effects of the materialistic happiness.

Thank you texts:
I must thank you my parents, 
I must thank you my aunt, 
I must thank you gramp pung and gramp monk for giving me place to live before the dorm, I must mind that they have each of thier rules.
I must thank you old pal tor for giving the chance for me to have great school life along with other friends
I must thank you my advisers for giving me advises.
I apologize my own and my parents' mistakes, and I must know to prevent futhrer mistakes, make it more happier
I can use my brain more rather than just strength

Scroll Down Version: 
I am thankful of the people who'll watch me playing games and people who made me the game I enjoy playing for this.
I am thankful of the people who'll share my revenue from people who watch me playing games.
I am thankful of the fun fanfictions.
I am thankful of the high salary job company that I'll work for
I am thankful of the money provided for the dormitory.
I am thankful I'm not involved with direct sales buisiness, but however I am thankful of more on game casting and fruit & vegetable business more rather

*** I am thankful of all the audiences and friendly compliments and lots of puns jokes from all the audiences watching me playing games I truly enjoy, or even arts of cartoons I enjoy.
Let's think that I'll not laughing all alone miserably, but I am thankful I can laugh with my friends and my audiences
I am thankful I can find the friends that share some of my game and cartoon interests person by person.
I am thankful of anyone that made me have waifu, and trip to japan to find them